navigate to the second floor through the red room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the green room .
avoid the green room until passing landmark three .
always avoid going to landmark one through the purple room
go to the red room through the second floor
avoid landmark two until you go to the green room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the blue room through the third floor .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the third floor .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark one .
go to the blue room via landmark two .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the green room
avoid the green room until going to landmark two .
travel through the green room then go to the purple room .
travel through the purple room then go to the red room .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark one .
go to the red room , then go to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark three .
go to the red room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark three .
go to landmark one through the blue room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to the orange room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the purple room .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark one
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to landmark one and remain within the blue room .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark one .
go to the yellow room by touching the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the third floor .
move to landmark three without leaving the second floor .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark two .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark one
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the yellow room and avoid the orange room .
avoid the red room , navigate to the green room .
go through the second floor to the red room
go through landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the second floor .
move through landark one to landmark two .
go to one st floor after threerd floor
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the green room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the third floor .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark two .
go to landmark one then go to the orange room .
go through landmark three before going to the third floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark two
head to the purple room .
go to landmark one but always avoid landmark three .
always go to landmark three before navigating to the orange room .
avoid landmark two and go to the third floor .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark two .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the first floor .
go to the onest floor through landmark three
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark three .
avoid the green room and travel to the yellow room .
go to landmark one avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
navigate to landmark three through the blue room .
go to the threerd floor but avoid landmark one .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark three .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark one .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark one .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark three .
go to the first floor , then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark one .
proceed to the green room by going through the orange room .
go through the green room then to the first floor .
first navigate to landmark three , then go to landmark two .
proceed to landmark one , but never move outside of the green room .
go to landmark two avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark two .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark two .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the purple room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark one .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the blue room .
go to the onest floor through the green room
go to landmark three and then to landmark one .
avoid landmark three until navigating to the green room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the first floor by first going through the yellow room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark three
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark three .
go to the green room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to landmark two before navigating to the first floor .
move to the second floor , travelling through the orange room .
advance to landmark three but always avoid the blue room .
navigate from the second floor to the purple room .
go to landmark two without going to landmark three
always go through the orange room before going to landmark three .
stay on the first floor while going to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room through the green room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark one
go through the purple room first , then go to the red room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the red room .
go to the purple room by first going through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark three .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark three .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room after going to the second floor .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the red room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go to the first floor via the red room .
go to the first floor then go to the green room
go to the blue room and then go to landmark two .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark two and stop
avoid the red room and go to landmark three. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark three .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark three .
go through the second floor to landmark three .
move to the green room without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark three through landmark one
always avoid the red room , go to the second floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
go to landmark one by only navigating within the purple room .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the third floor .
go from the second floor to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the green room .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go from the third floor to the yellow room .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark two .
first go to landmark three , then go to the red room .
avoid landmark three and proceed to landmark one
always avoid the green room , go to landmark two .
go to the second floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room through the purple room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the green room
go to onest floor . then go directly to landmark three
avoid the yellow room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the yellow room .
go to landmark one while always avoiding the green room
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the green room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark two .
go to landmark three , then go to landmark two
go to the red room through the purple room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the purple room .
go through landmark two and then to the onest floor .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark three .
go to landmark one and then the purple room
stay in the green room to get to landmark two .
go through landmark two to the first floor .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark one .
go to the third floor via landmark three .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark three .
advance to landmark one but always avoid the green room .
avoid landmark three until navigating to landmark two .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the orange room .
first go to landmark two , then go to the orange room .
always avoid landmark two and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark two until you pass through purple room .
go to the first floor , then go to the blue room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark two .
go to the blue room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to the second floor and avoid the orange room .
navigate to the orange room staying on the second floor .
move to the second floor , travelling through the purple room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the green room .
always avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark two and then go to the first floor .
navigate to the green room by passing through the third floor .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you enter the red room .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the third floor by going through landmark three .
always avoid landmark three and go to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the orange room .
move to the first floor by going through the red room
go to landmark two but do not enter the green room first .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three .
go to landmark one before going to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the blue room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the purple room .
go to the second floor , then go to the orange room
go to landmark two through the blue room
got to landmark one through the green room .
go to landmark three through the green room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark three
avoid landmark one until you have passed through landmark three
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark one .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark two , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark two
avoid landmark three until you pass through green room .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark three .
go to landmark one from the third floor only .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark three .
go through landmark three to the purple room .
go to the second floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the third floor then go to the yellow room
go to the purple room before going to the orange room .
go to the red room through the green room
go to the second floor while always avoiding the red room
stay in the purple room and go to landmark one
go to the orange room without ever leaving the third floor .
always avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
first go to to landmark two then go to the blue room .
move to the first floor without entering the orange room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
go to the blue room and then go to the red room .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark two .
go to the second floor , then go to the red room
go to the first floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the purple room
always avoid going to landmark three through the blue room
go to landmark one and then go to the third floor .
go to the third floor , then go to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the purple room .
go to landmark one , then up to landmark three .
proceed to the purple room without going to third floor  .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark three .
go to the onest floor
go through the third floor to the blue room
stay on the second floor to get to landmark one .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark two .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark three .
go to landmark three without leaving blue room .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark three .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the blue room .
move towards orange room and then to first floor .
go to the red room while staying on the second floor .
head to the third floor .
go to purple room and then to green room
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the green room .
advance to landmark two but always avoid the green room .
go to landmark two but always avoid landmark one .
go to the red room , then go to landmark two .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
go to landmark two without leaving purple room .
avoid landmark one until after the red room
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark one .
go to the green room without going to the red room
without leaving the first floor go to the blue room .
go to landmark three before navigating to the third floor .
go to the purple room through the yellow room .
go to landmark three by going through landmark one
avoid the yellow room until you go to the red room .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark three .
avoid the blue room and travel to the red room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to the blue room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the green room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the green room .
always avoid landmark one , and navigate to landmark two .
go to the yellow room by first going through the red room .
go to landmark two without leaving yellow room .
go to the first floor and then go to the green room .
head to the blue room and then head to the third floor .
travel to landmark two .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the second floor .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark one .
travel through the purple room then go to the green room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark two .
get to landmark two , while avoiding landmark one
visit the green room and then move to the first floor .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go through the second floor to landmark one .
go to the yellow room by first going through the purple room .
move to the third floor without entering the green room .
go to the second floor without going to the green room .
go to landmark three but remain on the first floor .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the orange room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark two .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark one .
go to the first floor but never go to the blue room .
go to the purple room by touching the green room .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark one without going to third floor .
navigate to landmark one through the purple room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark one
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark one .
always pass landmark one to get to level one .
go through landmark one and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark two then go to the orange room .
always avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
go to the onest floor through the threerd floor
move to landmark two and then proceed to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the green room .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three .
go to the green room and then navigate to the red room .
avoid landmark one until reaching the red room .
move to landmark one after moving to the first floor .
navigate to landmark two , always avoiding landmark three .
always avoid landmark one and go to the green room .
go to the third floor through landmark three .
go to the red room by first going through landmark one .
avoid landmark two and go to the first floor .
go to the green room without going to the blue room
always pass landmark two to get to level one .
remain on the third floor and move to the green room .
go through the purple room to the green room .
go from the second floor to the red room .
go to the yellow room by touching the orange room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark two
travel through the yellow room then go to the purple room .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark one .
go to landmark three through the onest floor
always avoid landmark three and go to the third floor .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the yellow room .
always go through the yellow room to get to the purple room .
go through the green room to the red room .
move to the second floor without entering the red room .
go to the orange room by touching the yellow room .
head to landmark two after going to the red room .
go to the yellow room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the red room .
go through the red room before going to the purple room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark three .
go to the third floor then move to the blue room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark two
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the red room .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark three .
avoid landmark three until reaching the blue room .
go from the yellow room to the green room
always go through the orange room and then to landmark one .
avoid the orange room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the orange room .
go to landmark two and always avoid the green room
go from the second floor to the purple room
avoid landmark three until going to the purple room .
go to landmark one then go to the purple room .
go through the yellow room to the orange room .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark one .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the purple room
go through the orange room to the yellow room .
go to landmark three without leaving the blue room .
navigate to landmark two through the orange room .
remain on the onest floor and go directly to the purple room .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark one .
avoid the purple room until going to the red room .
travel to the onest floor and then go to landmark two .
go to the second floor after going to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the third floor , and then go to the second floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until landmark two .
go to landmark one through the onest floor
go to landmark three and always avoid the orange room
go to landmark two and then the red room
go to the green room , then go to the third floor .
go from the first floor to the blue room
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the red room .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the red room .
move to landmark two but avoid landmark three .
head to the red room and then head to the second floor .
go to the third floor and avoid the yellow room .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark two .
go through the third floor to the green room .
go to the green room without going through the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the red room .
go to the landmark three before going to landmark one
go to the second floor and then go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark one and go to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and navigate to landmark three .
go to the green room without going to the orange room .
go to the second floor then move to the blue room .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the second floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark one .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark two .
go through the red room to the purple room .
always go to landmark one before navigating to the blue room .
do directly to landmark two without leaving the green room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the green room .
avoid the green room until you enter the purple room .
move to the second floor without entering the green room .
go to landmark three through the yellow room
stay in the blue room and go to landmark three .
go to the red room by first going through landmark three .
navigate to the red room but never go to the orange room .
go to the green room only through the onest floor
avoid the yellow room until going to the third floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark one and then go to the orange room .
go to the red room and then go to the purple room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark two .
stay on the second floor and go to the green room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark two and stop
go to the orange room through landmark one
go to the red room but avoid landmark three. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark three or stay put .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the green room .
go to landmark two before navigating to the third floor .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark two .
avoid the red room until passing landmark three .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the yellow room .
go through the purple room to the yellow room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark two .
go to the green room , then go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room and avoid the purple room .
go to the first floor , then head to the second floor .
go from the third floor to landmark three .
go to the blue room , then go to the third floor .
avoid the green room , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the red room without going through the purple room .
go through the red room to landmark two .
head to the yellow room and then head to the second floor .
without leaving the red room go to landmark one .
go to the second floor but do not go through the green room first .
proceed to landmark two , but never move outside of the orange room .
navigate through landmark three and go to the purple room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the green room .
go to the onest floor through the green room
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room .
avoid landmark one and move into the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark one .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the green room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the red room .
go to the second floor but avoid the green room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the purple room
go to landmark two but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to landmark three through the blue room .
visit the second floor and then proceed to the first floor .
always go to landmark two before navigating to the green room .
navigate to the second floor via the red room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the orange room .
from the first floor , navigate to the yellow room .
move to the red room and then the green room .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark two .
go to landmark one through the second floor .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room
go to the second floor , then go to the red room
go to landmark three , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid landmark three and go to the second floor .
pass through the blue room on your way to the third floor .
always avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
go through the green room before going to landmark two
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the first floor through the blue room .
get to landmark two , while avoiding landmark three
go to the purple room and then navigate to the yellow room .
always avoid going to landmark three through the green room
without leaving the second floor go to the yellow room .
go to the red room through the second floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the orange room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the purple room .
go to the orange room and go down to the onest floor .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark two .
avoid landmark two until you go to the purple room .
go to landmark three before going to the orange room .
go to landmark three while staying on the first floor .
navigate through landmark two and go to the green room .
head to the blue room but first go to the second floor .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark one .
navigate to the second floor via the orange room .
go to landmark two through the onest floor
go from second floor to yellow room .
avoid the blue room until landmark two .
move to landmark one without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the purple room .
get to landmark one , while avoiding landmark three
without leaving the green room go to landmark two .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the blue room
stay on the first floor and move to landmark two .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark one .
go to the purple room by first going through the orange room .
avoid going through landmark three until you go through the green room .
avoid the green room
go to the yellow room , then go to the green room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the red room .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
from the first floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark three but always avoid landmark one .
stay on the second floor and go to the purple room .
got to landmark three through the green room .
avoid landmark three and move into the green room .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the purple room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark three
go to the purple room , then go to landmark two .
go to the orange room through landmark three
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the red room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark two and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark two
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the second floor first .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark three
always avoid the red room while navigating to the first floor .
avoid landmark three until going to the blue room .
move to the green room and then move to landmark one .
go to the third floor by going through landmark one .
go to the third floor and avoid the red room .
avoid landmark three until you go to the red room .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark three. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark three .
go to blue room and then to green room
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the second floor .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark three .
first go to to landmark one then go to the red room .
go through the second floor to the yellow room
go to the second floor via the orange room .
go to landmark two and then the green room
go to the third floor but never go to the purple room .
go to landmark one .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to landmark one after navigating to the first floor .
go to the second floor by first going through the purple room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the green room .
move to the orange room and then the green room .
go to the red room , then go to the third floor .
avoid the green room until landmark three .
go to the red room and then navigate to the orange room .
avoid landmark two and go to the red room .
go to purple room and then to yellow room
navigate to the orange room staying on the third floor .
go to the second floor via landmark three .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark three
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the purple room
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark two .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the blue room
got to landmark three through the green room .
navigate to the orange room after going to the first floor .
move to the purple room then continue to the red room .
go to landmark one but remain on the first floor .
navigate to landmark one then continue to the red room .
go to landmark one and then go to the blue room .
go to the red room before going to the purple room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark two .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the purple room
avoid the red room and travel to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two until after the red room
from the second floor , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the first floor .
move to landmark one , but go through the orange room first .
go through the blue room to the third floor .
navigate to the blue room staying on the third floor .
remain on the second floor and move to the yellow room .
go from onest floor to landmark three .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark one .
first go to to landmark one then go to the green room .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark two .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark two .
go through the first floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the blue room first .
stay on the first floor and go to the green room .
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark two
go from the orange room to the red room
go to landmark one and always avoid the orange room
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark three .
first move to landmark two then navigate to the orange room .
go through the green room before going to landmark two
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go through landmark two and navigate to the orange room .
proceed to the orange room without going to second floor .
go through the first floor to the blue room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark three .
go to the first floor by first going through the orange room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the first floor then the second floor .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room through the purple room
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the third floor .
navigate to the first floor before going to the purple room .
pass through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
always avoid the green room , go to the first floor .
go to the first floor after you go to the second floor .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark one .
avoid the blue room until landmark three .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark three .
visit landmark two but do n't leave the first floor .
go to the second floor and then go to the red room .
move to the purple room and then the red room .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the first floor .
avoid the purple room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the purple room .
go through the green room before going to landmark three
do directly to landmark two without leaving the orange room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the first floor .
avoid the green room until after going to the third floor .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark two .
navigate to the green room after going to the second floor .
avoid the green room until you go to the blue room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark one .
from the second floor , navigate to the purple room .
go through landmark one before going to the red room .
go to landmark three before going to landmark two .
avoid the green room and go to the red room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the orange room .
navigate to the purple room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark one .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark two while always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the purple room .
go to the red room by first going through the green room .
go to landmark two always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the green room , then go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the blue room .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark two .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the yellow room .
go to landmark three always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the second floor via the yellow room .
avoid the orange room
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the green room .
go through landmark one before going to the first floor .
go to landmark three then go to the red room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the purple room .
go to landmark one only through the second floor
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the yellow room .
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
go to the purple room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the green room .
avoid the blue room until reaching the third floor .
first go to to landmark three then go to the orange room .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark one .
go through the orange room to the first floor .
avoid the green room until going to the blue room .
always avoid landmark two and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the second floor but avoid the blue room .
navigate from the first floor to the green room .
avoid the red room until after going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through landmark three .
go through the orange room to the red room .
go through the orange room before going to the first floor .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the second floor .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark two
navigate to the red room through the orange room .
go to the purple room , then go to the second floor .
go to landmark one before navigating to the third floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the blue room , then go to the first floor .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the purple room .
go to the blue room but do not enter the orange room first .
always avoid landmark three and go to the red room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the red room .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark two .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the red room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the second floor .
go to the first floor after going to the second floor .
avoid landmark one and go to landmark three. if you 've reached landmark three then you can go to landmark one .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the green room .
got to landmark two through the green room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the blue room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark one .
always avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark one. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark two .
go to the green room , then go to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark three and navigate to landmark two .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark three .
move to the yellow room then continue to the orange room .
move to the purple room and then the yellow room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark three
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark one .
go directly to landmark three and do not leave the green room .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the first floor .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark three .
go to the second floor by first going through the red room .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the purple room .
go to the second floor then go to the green room
avoid going through landmark one until you go through the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark one .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the orange room
avoid the blue room and go to landmark three
remain on the first floor and move to the orange room .
go to the blue room without going to the orange room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark three .
proceed to the yellow room without going to second floor .
go to the green room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go from second floor to red room .
go to landmark one , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the second floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the blue room
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark one .
move towards red room and then to third floor .
go to anywhere on the third floor .
go to landmark one always avoiding the red room .
go to the blue room , then go to the purple room .
go directly to the orange room without going to first floor .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go through the green room to the first floor .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
go to landmark two always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark one .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark one .
always go through the red room before going to landmark three .
avoid landmark two and move into the red room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark three. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark three .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark one .
go to the first floor through landmark two .
go to landmark two then go to the third floor .
go directly to landmark two by only moving in the orange room .
go to landmark two but do not first go through the blue room .
move to landmark two without leaving the first floor .
navigate to the second floor through the first floor .
go through the red room before going to landmark two
move to the blue room then continue to the orange room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark one
avoid landmark three until reaching the red room .
go to the purple room without going through the yellow room .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark three .
go to the first floor through the red room .
go to landmark three while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark two before going to the green room
go to the yellow room only through the onest floor
go to the blue room without going to landmark three .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room
move towards red room and then to second floor .
go to the purple room and avoid the blue room .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark two .
go to the first floor then go landmark two .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark one .
proceed to the purple room without going to first floor .
travel through the green room then go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room before going to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark three .
without leaving the third floor go to the orange room .
go to second floor without going into the orange room
go to the second floor and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark two from the second floor only .
avoid the red room and go to landmark one. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark one .
go to landmark three avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark three .
move to the third floor by going through the green room
navigate to the red room after going to the first floor .
go through the second floor to the green room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the yellow room first .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the purple room .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark two .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the first floor .
avoid landmark three and go to landmark two .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark one .
always avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go to landmark three without leaving the purple room .
go to the blue room through the second floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
always go from the third floor to the first floor .
navigate to landmark two then continue to the purple room .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the blue room .
move to the red room then continue to the purple room .
go to the second floor then move to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark one .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
go to the second floor via the red room .
go from the first floor to the yellow room .
go from onest floor to landmark one .
go to first floor without going into the yellow room
go from the blue room to the orange room
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark one
go through the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
go from the second floor to landmark one .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the orange room .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark one .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
remain on the first floor and move to the red room .
move to landmark one without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark one or go to the green room .
go to landmark one after navigating to the second floor .
go through the red room to landmark three .
go to landmark three avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark three .
move to the red room avoiding landmark three. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark three .
go to the orange room through landmark one .
go to the onest floor through landmark two
visit the third floor and then proceed to the second floor .
proceed to the purple room without going to second floor .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark two
go to the red room by avoiding landmark three and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark three
avoid the purple room , navigate to the red room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark three .
go to red room , but do not go to blue room .
travel to landmark three .
go to landmark three by only stepping in the green room .
go to purple room , but do not go to green room .
go through landmark three and navigate to the green room .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark one .
navigate to the blue room after going to the second floor .
go to the green room before going to the yellow room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go to landmark three and then go to the purple room .
move to the orange room then continue to the purple room .
avoid landmark two and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark three .
avoid the purple room
avoid the yellow room and travel to the green room .
first go to to landmark three then go to the yellow room .
first go to to landmark one then go to the yellow room .
go to the red room while staying on the first floor .
avoid the green room until going through landmark one .
go through the first floor to the purple room .
go to landmark one avoiding the first floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the purple room
navigate to the yellow room staying on the third floor .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark one .
navigate to the third floor through the green room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the purple room .
go directly to landmark one by only moving in the red room .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark one
go to the second floor , then go to the green room
go to landmark three but do not first go through the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the red room .
go to the red room without going through the yellow room .
always go through the red room to get to the purple room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark one .
move to the first floor by going through the orange room
avoid the green room until you go to the orange room .
move to the orange room without leaving the second floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark three .
go to the yellow room through the third floor
go to the green room , avoiding landmark three .
go through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go to the third floor through landmark one .
go to the onest floor through the purple room
go through landmark two before going to the yellow room .
avoid landmark two until navigating to the yellow room .
go to the first floor after going to the third floor .
from the third floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark one before navigating to the second floor .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark one .
go to landmark two .
go through the green room before going to the red room .
avoid the red room until going to the second floor .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the blue room
pass through the green room before going to the first floor .
go to the second floor , then go to the yellow room
move to the blue room then continue to the red room .
go through the red room to the yellow room .
go to the first floor without going to the red room .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark two .
go to the second floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
move to the purple room without going to second floor .
avoid the blue room until you go to the second floor .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark three .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to first floor without going into the green room
avoid landmark three until you pass through orange room .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go to the green room , then go to landmark one .
go to landmark three but do not enter the red room first .
go to landmark three while always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark three and then to landmark two
go to the first floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
navigate to the purple room through the blue room .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark three .
avoid landmark one and go to the second floor .
head to the orange room but first go to the first floor .
go through the green room before going to landmark one
go to landmark one then go to the blue room .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark two
go to landmark one while always avoiding the purple room .
go to the red room , then go to landmark three .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the second floor .
proceed to the purple room .
avoid landmark three until you navigate to landmark two .
go through landmark three to the second floor .
go to landmark one avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark one .
go to the green room before you go to landmark one .
go through landmark one before going to the orange room .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark two .
go to landmark one by only navigating within the orange room .
go to the red room without going to the green room
avoid the purple room and travel to the green room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the orange room
navigate through landmark one and go to the blue room .
go to landmark one while avoiding going through any other objects
do directly to landmark one without leaving the orange room .
move to the blue room and then the red room .
move to the green room .
move to landmark two and then proceed to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark one and go to landmark two .
proceed to the red room without going to third floor .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark two
go to the red room , then go to the purple room .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark two .
move to landmark two , but go through the yellow room first .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room .
go to the onest floor through the red room
go to the second floor through landmark three .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the red room
always go through the blue room and then to landmark three .
go to first floor
head to the yellow room and then head to the third floor .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark one. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark one .
pass through landmark two before going to the second floor .
pass through the purple room on your way to the third floor .
go to the first floor by first going to the second floor .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark three .
go to the purple room and go down to the onest floor .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the yellow room .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark one .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark one .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor .
go through landmark two to the orange room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark one
avoid the orange room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the orange room .
go to landmark one then go to the third floor .
go to the blue room without going through the red room .
navigate to the green room through the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the green room .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark three .
go to landmark two before going to the purple room
always avoid the red room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the third floor then move to the orange room .
go to landmark three through landmark one .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark two .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the purple room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the purple room .
go to the first floor through the second floor .
go to the orange room through the red room .
go to landmark two by only navigating within the purple room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the third floor via the green room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the second floor .
avoid the landmark two and go to the third floor .
go to the orange room without going to landmark three .
go to the second floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark one .
robot , go to the green room .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark two through the orange room
go to orange room , but do not go to purple room .
navigate to the third floor via the orange room .
